#Business Context: An insurance policy is an arrangement, in which companies charge a specific premium amount and provide a guarantee of compensation for the specific loss or damage. Premium is a certain amount of money that the customer needs to pay regularly to the insurance company. Insurance companies, which are providing Insurance to their customers, need a model which can predict whether the customer will buy the quote or not. Therefore, building a model is very helpful for the company. So that companies can make decisions accordingly and modify sales conversions, marketing strategies and communication strategy to reach out to maximum customers and optimize its business model and revenue. Using an anonymized database of information on customer and sales activity, including property and coverage information, it is challenging to predict which customers will purchase a given quote. Accurately predicting conversion would help the companies to better understand the impact of proposed pricing and maintain an ideal portfolio of customer segments

#Data Description :
When it comes to real world data for insurance companies, customer information is crucial. Using these customer data features we can predict if a customer will purchase insurance or not. Also, with the help of data, we can suggest the right insurance policy to the customers. Insurance companies can gather data from the information provided by customers, via an online form, online surveys, price comparison websites, telemarketers, web scraping, social media lead generation advertisements, etc. And other sources can be through data brokers, which are companies that collect data from multiple sources and anonymize it. Here we are using Kaggle data set provided by Homesite insurance company.

#Source of data set : In this project, we are using anonymized data provided by ‘Homesite’, a leading provider of homeowners insurance. The data has information on customers and sales activity, including property and coverage information.

#Performance Metrics : 
It is a Binary Classification problem where the task is to predict QuoteConversion_Flag for each Quote Number in the test set.

#Log Loss: Because it is a binary classification task and we are working with probability scores and this is a useful metric in such scenarios.

#ROC Curve: This problem is more like a binary classification model whether a customer purchase quoted insurance or not. So ROC curve is a probability curve plotted between True positive rate (TPR) and False Positive Rate (FPR), Which measures the performance of the classification problem and helps in visualizing binary classification. AUC is the area under this curve. AUC represents the degree or measure of separability. It shows model capability of distinguishing between two classes. Higher the area better is the model’s ability of classification. Here it Provides us with a value to compare performance amongst various models and helps in making a choice of right threshold by providing us with a best trade-off possible between TPR and FPR.

#F1_Score: Since the nature of the dataset is such that there exists a natural imbalance in the dataset, and we are more concerned about how well our model performs on successful conversions so in such scenarios F1_Score becomes an important metric.
